Things to Do

bear market indicator 
break up results by market cap
	check best performing top 5 stocks
look at mutual fund holdings, 13-f

Tables to add 
examine the correlation structure of the time series momentum strategies and compares them to the correlation structure of passive long positions

add the option returns time merton interaction term

Market timing literature
Optimal stopping, portfolio choice, stanford grossman, laroque, 


Progress 5/3/21
Continued to search for alternative parameters for machine learning models
Fixed ensemble system
Found that ff5 alpha is larger than capm due to negative loadings on factors
added goyal welch monthly data
added example file

Progress 3/29/21
Added new feature based off logistic regression probability for regime
Added market timing factor treynor mazuy
Wrote another page 
Added 3 factor portfolio based off ETFs
Started working on testing sector ETFs

Progress 3/22/21
Add policy uncertainty and vix as features to market timing. Improved NN LS .03 to .05. .001 to RF LS .004
Add ensemble system of factors to market timing. KNN LS from .0 to .003, RF LS .002. Extremely slow. May only want to run on knn and maybe add logistic regressoin
Ran industry and etfs with spy adjsuted portfolio instead of RF. ETF had error so need to rerun. Industry looked a little better


Progress 3/15/21
Added error handling to files
Filtered ETFs by top 100 by market cap
	Results did not look so good
Added some more to wrtieup on rf
Added deciles. Looks good
Added market timing

Progress 3/8/21
Added ETFs to analysis
Changed 3X5 sorts to long short portfolio and added deciles to analysis
Added mean returns to performance analytics
Added pooling analysis of individual backtests to examine alphas in cross section located in indvidual_analytics.txt
Added downside analysis

Progress 2/15/21
Started adding tables to overleaf, cleaned up the format
Aggregated the performance analytics and modified so it can handle new regime_switching_paramete_testing directory format
Cleaned the alpha aggregation and outputs the table to latex
separated the printouts csvs from the latex output


Progress 2/8/21
Created regime_switching_parameter_testing. Tests the system over various lookback periods for machine learning training as well as feature generation
Added pdf images for backtest results
Created project for writeup

Progress 1/31/21
added stambaugh yuan 4 factor model
added capm results 
added time sereis regression results with newey west correct standard errors
added factor anomaly portoflios- took lots of time to handle errors
added some basic portfolio analytics in portfolio_analytics.csv


Progress 12/31/20

-Created file regime_switching_2.ipynb that combines analysis from q factor, ff5, and industry analysis2

-Created module that contains all classes for analysis. Called regime_module.py

-Added method that modifies regression object for famma macbeth output
	changes the pvalue, tstat, and standard errors
	added annualized alpha to object


-



