Title: Statement on the Adoption of Final Rules Under the Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/uyeda-statement-adoption-final-rules-under-holding-foreign-insiders-accountable-act-022726
Published: Fri, 27 Feb 2026 12:30:00 -0500

SEC.gov | Statement on the Adoption of Final Rules Under the Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Statement on the Adoption of Final Rules Under the Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act
Statement
Statement on the Adoption of Final Rules Under the Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act
Commissioner Mark T. Uyeda
Washington D.C.
Feb. 27, 2026
Today, the Commission amends its rulebook to implement the requirements of the Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act (“HFIA Act”). The final rules (“HFIAA Rules”) generally require every person who is a director or an officer of a foreign private issuer to file Section 16 reports on EDGAR.
[1]
The HFIA Act and the HFIAA Rules can promote transparency in U.S. markets by providing information on insider securities transactions. The HFIA Act levels the playing field for foreign private issuers that choose to voluntarily register their securities in the United States in order to take advantage of the liquidity and efficiencies of U.S. markets. They will now be subject to requirements that have been long applicable to domestic issuers.
When implementing statutory directives, the Commission should seek to implement the plain text of the statute rather than taking expansive interpretive views that can impose significantly greater costs to market participants without commensurate benefits. This is especially true when adopting rules that would expand the categories of persons subject to aspects of SEC rules. The SEC’s “clawback” rulemaking is an example of a rulemaking where the Commission adopted rules that likely went beyond the Congressional directive.
[2]
Specifically, Congress indicated that the clawbacks should apply to “executive officers, a very limited number of employees.”
[3]
However, the final clawback rules captured persons far beyond the narrow scope contemplated by Congress. I am pleased that the Commission does not repeat this error today.
Notably, the HFIAA Rules do not apply to persons who beneficially own more than 10 percent of any class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (“10 percent holders”). This outcome is consistent with a plain reading of statutory amendments enacted by the HFIA Act. As the Commission’s release for HFIAA Rules notes, the text and the legislative history of the HFIA Act indicate that its scope is limited to directors and officers. In fact, the final legislation specifically did not include language contained in an earlier bill that would have covered 10 percent holders. The legislative text was changed to specifically cover only directors and officers.
[4]
While the section title of HFIA Act references “principal stockholders,” the Commission’s release appropriately notes that legislative titles do not override the plain text of statutes.
[5]
I thank the staff in the Division of Corporation Finance’s Office of International Corporate Finance, the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, the Office of International Affairs, the Office of the General Counsel, and the many other offices that have contributed to this release.
[1]
More specifically, a foreign private issuer with a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”).
See
Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act Disclosure, Release No. 34-104903 (Feb. 27, 2026), available at
https://www.sec.gov/files/rules/final/2026/34-104903.pdf
.
[2]
Statement on the Final Rule Related to Listing Standards for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, Commissioner Mark T. Uyeda (Oct. 26, 2022).
[3]
Id
.; Report of the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, S.3217, Report No. 111-176 at 136 (Apr. 30, 2010).
[4]
HFIAA Rules, n. 11.
[5]
Id.
citing Dubin v. United States, 599 U.S. 110, 121 (2023) (quoting Fulton v. Philadelphia, 593 U.S. 522, 536 (2021)); Bhd. of R.R. Trainmen v. Balt. & Ohio R.R., 331 U.S. 519, 528-529 (1947).
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 27, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates