Title: Primarily Secondaries: Remarks Before the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/peirce-022426-primarily-secondaries-remarks-small-business-capital-formation-advisory-committee
Published: Tue, 24 Feb 2026 09:59:13 -0500

SEC.gov | Primarily Secondaries: Remarks Before the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Primarily Secondaries: Remarks Before the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee
Statement
Primarily Secondaries: Remarks Before the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee
Commissioner Hester M. Peirce
Washington D.C.
Feb. 24, 2026
Good morning, and thank you all for attending today’s meeting. Welcome to the Committee’s new members. I appreciate the work of the Committee and the willingness of experts to share their views as panelists. I also appreciate the work of the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation in supporting the Committee’s work.
I commend the Committee for its continued focus on finders and look forward to any recommendations the Committee develops. As I mentioned at the last meeting, current activity in this area is shaped by a muddled web of no-action letters that is out of step with practical realities. Last meeting’s discussion of status quo finder activity underscored that point. The absence of a finder’s framework does not deter bad actors. Good actors may unwittingly act as finders, or, if they are aware of the law’s unduly strict limitations, may observe from the sidelines rather than helping to match investors and companies. I appreciated your in-depth discussion of what sensible finders regulation could look like and your focus on how finders can help companies to raise money in amounts too small for brokers to bother with. You covered a lot of other territory as well, from essential disclosures for finder activity to AI agents. I hope today’s discussion will be equally interesting and constructive as you devise recommendations.
This afternoon, the committee will discuss an increasingly mainstream area of our capital markets, private secondaries. The growth of these markets, from $162 billion in total volume in 2024 to $240 billion in 2025
[1]
, makes today’s conversation timely. I would be interested in hearing what today’s panelists think is in store for the remainder of the year. Will the trend continue?
Some of the growth in private secondary markets may stem from an IPO market that, while showing some promising signs of activity, is still not where we would like it to be. Private market investors increasingly are able to turn to secondary markets to exit certain positions and re-allocate capital. While beneficial to investors looking for an exit, the flexibility provided by private market tools such as continuation vehicles diminishes the pressure on companies to IPO.
[2]
As I expect we will hear from our panelists today, secondary markets are developing to accommodate a wide range of demands that are met by liquidity providers that specialize in a range of transactions. If capital for companies and liquidity for investors and employees are available privately, why take on the burdens associated with being a public company? As this panel discusses the secondary markets, I would appreciate hearing to what degree activity in this space trades off with initial public offerings and what factors investors and issuers consider when deciding which path to pursue.
Though I am happy to see capital formation occur in either the private or public markets, I am aligned with Chairman Atkins’ goal of revitalizing IPOs. Our public markets have benefits that simply cannot be recreated privately. The Commission can do more to improve liquidity in our private markets, but public markets facilitate price discovery and retail access in ways that the private secondary markets cannot duplicate perfectly. One long-overdue change that the Commission staff recently made has allowed closed-end funds investing 15% or more of their assets in private funds to sell to non-accredited investors with no minimum investment amount. Has this change been apparent in the marketplace? What else could the Commission do to improve efficiency in and retail access to these markets?
Regardless of what we do to expand retail access to private markets, most retail investor portfolios are likely to be concentrated in the public markets. When companies remain private longer those public investors miss out on the opportunity to fully appreciate the growth of companies that in the past may have occurred after those companies went public. While I am heartened to see markets develop solutions to capital allocation problems, the rapid growth of the private secondary market signals the need for earnest efforts to enhance the palatability of our public markets. Thank you and have a productive meeting.
[1]
Jefferies Global Secondary Market Review (Jan. 2026), pg. 3. Available at:
https://go.jefferies.com/l/399542/2026-01-23/5v1tf1/399542/1769183474J7SWeVCW/Jefferies___Global_Secondary_Market_Review___January_2026.pdf?utm_term=6840380660
[2]
Goldman Sachs 2026 Global M&A Outlook: Think Big, Build Bigger, pg. 7. Available at:
https://www.goldmansachs.com/what-we-do/investment-banking/insights/articles/2026-ma-outlook/goldman-sachs-2026-global-ma-outlook.pdf
.
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 24, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates