Title: Remarks at the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee Meeting
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/uyeda-remarks-sbcfac-022426
Published: Tue, 24 Feb 2026 09:58:54 -0500

SEC.gov | Remarks at the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee Meeting
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Remarks at the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee Meeting
Statement
Remarks at the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee Meeting
Commissioner Mark T. Uyeda
Washington D.C.
Feb. 24, 2026
Good morning.  I regret that I cannot be with you.  Today’s meeting is the first one since the departure of Stacey Bowers, who served as Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation.  I would like to acknowledge her contributions to the efforts of this committee.
Before diving into today’s agenda, I would like to acknowledge some recent work by our staff.  The first item is the 2025 Staff Report from the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation.  This report provides a comprehensive snapshot of the state of small business capital formation, including a wealth of information on crowdfunding, Regulation A, and Regulation D offerings.
The second item to highlight is work by the Division of Corporation Finance’s Office of Small Business Policy to provide much needed regulatory guidance for small businesses.  During the Biden administration, the SEC expended tremendous amounts of staff resources focusing on environmental, social, and political projects that had a weak, if any, nexus to financial markets, rather than focusing on capital formation.  Division leadership has refocused on its traditional work on capital formation and investor protection, particularly with respect to smaller businesses.
Recently, SEC staff published frequently asked questions (FAQs) on Form D.
[1]
Since Regulation D plays a significant role in capital formation for U.S. small businesses, we should continue to improve clarity and predictability for issuers seeking to rely on that regulation.  These FAQs consolidate existing guidance and are designed to be a “one-stop shop” to quickly address frequent questions posed to the staff about Form D.
The Division of Corporation Finance has also published new compliance and disclosure interpretations (C&DIs), including ones that address “new” questions about Regulation D.  For example, one C&DI clarifies that when taking reasonable steps to verify accredited investor status in Rule 506(c), issuers can use different verification methods for different purchasers in the same offering.
[2]
Some of the changes update our guidance to reflect the adoption of new rules and their impact on issues such as transactional integration.
[3]
Other C&DIs formalized longstanding interpretive positions.  For example, under Regulation Crowdfunding, the staff described how to switch from one crowdfunding platform to another before making a sale.
[4]
Additionally, the staff advised that certain guidance and relief specific to registered companies also applies in the Regulation A context, such as extending the non-public filing and review accommodation to Regulation A issuers.
[5]
Lastly, the staff answered certain offering questions that come up periodically in the Regulation A space, such as that a company cannot accept any money or other consideration before qualification.
[6]
Our staff stands ready to provide additional guidance and interpretations.  If you have questions or believe that additional guidance is needed, I encourage you to reach out to them.
Turning to today’s agenda, I am pleased that the Committee will continue its “deep dive” into the topic of finders.  A regulatory solution in this area is long overdue.  A key consideration is whether the regulatory burdens can be minimized given the limited role such persons play.  Sound regulation practices recognize that rules should be appropriately tailored to the specific risk being addressed.
If an intermediary serves in a limited role, such as simply providing introductory services, the full panoply of broker-dealer regulation would not appear to provide additional investor safeguards.  Instead, they can deter useful and productive capital formation efforts.  Thus, we should consider what regulatory requirements, if any, are so fundamental that they should apply irrespective of the limited transactional roles.  These rules are likely to encompass only a small fraction of the broader SEC and FINRA rulebooks applicable to broker-dealers.
Thank you to the participants, presenters and attendees for joining us today.  Have a good meeting.
[1]
Frequently Asked Questions and Answers on Form D (Jan. 23, 2026),
available at
https://www.sec.gov/about/divisions-offices/division-corporation-finance/frequently-asked-questions-answers-form-d
.
[2]
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Securities Act Rules, Question 260.39.
[3]
For example, a number of C&DIs about integration were updated to account for the adoption of Rule 152 in 2021.
[4]
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Regulation Crowdfunding, Question 100.03.
[5]
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Securities Act Rules, Question 182.24.
[6]
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Securities Act Rules, Question 182.31.
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 24, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates