Title: Remarks at U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/atkins-remarks-uscoc-invest-act-022326
Published: Mon, 23 Feb 2026 14:27:58 -0500

SEC.gov | Remarks at U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Remarks at U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness
Speech
Remarks at U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness
Paul S. Atkins,
Chairman
Washington D.C.
Feb. 23, 2026
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
[1]
Let me begin by thanking our hosts at the U.S. Chamber for the invitation to join today’s program—and of course, for their advocacy on behalf of American enterprise.
I am also pleased to recognize a few leaders whose efforts brought us to this occasion: Chairmen Tim Scott and French Hill, as well as Chairwoman Ann Wagner. Their work reflects the conviction that American ingenuity flourishes when capital can move more freely to meet it. After all, capital formation is the instrument through which one can elevate a good idea into a business; a business into an employer; and an employer into a source of social mobility. Capital formation, in short, is how America prospers. And by any objective measure, our markets have prospered without peer.
Indeed, the United States leads the world in both market capitalization and trading volume. Our equity markets are four-and-a-half times larger than those of the next jurisdiction. But prosperity is not self-sustaining. Each generation must earn it anew by strengthening the structures that make our markets the world standard.
For context, shortly after I left the SEC as a staff member in the mid-1990s, there were more than 7,800 public companies listed on the U.S. exchanges. By the time that I returned as Chairman, that figure had fallen by roughly 40 percent. Such decline was not inevitable—nor is it now irreversible.
My goal is to reverse this trend—to “Make IPOs Great Again”—and it involves three pillars: first, re-anchoring disclosures in materiality so that investment decisions can turn on economic signals rather than on regulatory noise; second, de-politicizing shareholder meetings by restoring their focus to significant corporate matters; and third, allowing public companies to have litigation alternatives so that we shield innovators from the frivolous and investors from the fraudulent.
Both the INVEST Act, as well as the Empowering Main Street in America Act, are a welcome complement to this work. Congressional action would codify or expand practices that have proven their worth—and extend their benefits more broadly. For example, allowing all companies to “test-the-waters” before their IPO could incentivize more firms to explore going public. A modernized accredited investor definition, meanwhile, such as a knowledge-based exam, would recognize that financial sophistication can scarcely be measured by income or net worth alone. Why should we prohibit a finance professor earning $100,000 a year from private offerings, while presuming that people who inherit wealth are better qualified? And by expanding the investment options available in certain retirement accounts, the bill aims to empower more Americans to participate in the success of promising businesses.
These provisions form a strong foundation. But they are only a beginning. As we commemorate House passage, let us therefore resolve to build on it. The House has acted. The Senate is very engaged. And the SEC stands ready to do its part in keeping America’s capital markets open, dynamic, and, above all, worthy of the trust that investors place in them.
So as we pursue this work, I should like to once again congratulate Chairman Hill, Chairwoman Wagner, and all those who helped to carry the INVEST Act forward on an overwhelming and bipartisan basis. My thanks as well to Chairman Scott for spearheading the Senate’s Empowering Main Street in America Act. I am grateful to mark this milestone alongside each of you. And Mike [Flood], I look forward to our conversation and to the work ahead. Thank you.
[1]
The Chairman’s views expressed in these remarks do not necessarily reflect those of the SEC as an institution or of the other Commissioners
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 23, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates