Title: Cutting by Two Would Do
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/peirce-stablecoin-021926-cutting-two-would-do
Published: Thu, 19 Feb 2026 13:41:27 -0500

SEC.gov | Cutting by Two Would Do
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Cutting by Two Would Do
Statement
Cutting by Two Would Do
Commissioner Hester M. Peirce
Washington D.C.
Feb. 19, 2026
Today, the staff of the Division of Trading and Markets issued an
FAQ
relating to the treatment of payment stablecoins
[1]
under the broker-dealer net capital rule (Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1). The FAQ provides that the staff would not object if a broker-dealer were to apply a 2% haircut on proprietary positions in a payment stablecoin when calculating its net capital.
[2]
I appreciate the staff’s approach.
Stablecoins are essential to transacting on blockchain rails. Using stablecoins will make it feasible for broker-dealers to engage in a broader range of business activities relating to tokenized securities and other crypto assets.
FAQs like this shed light on the staff’s thinking about emerging issues. At the Commission level, I would like to consider how Rule 15c3-1 could be amended to account for payment stablecoins. To that end, I would be grateful to hear from market participants about their views, and welcome input on other aspects of our rules that they believe should be modified to address the use of payment stablecoins by SEC-registered entities.
[1]
The term “payment stablecoin” is defined in the FAQ as: (a) prior to the effective date of the GENIUS Act, a USD-denominated stablecoin that: (1) is issued by a state regulated money transmitter, state-regulated trust company, or a national trust bank; (2) maintains reserve assets that meet the requirements of 12 U.S.C. 5903(a)(1)(A); (3) publicly discloses the issuer’s redemption policy; and (4) publishes a monthly attestation report prepared by a registered public accounting firm as defined in 12 U.S.C. 5901(26) applying the attestation standards of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding the composition of the reserve assets and whether the fair value of the assets held in reserve is equal to the amount of stablecoins in circulation; and (b) following the effective date of the GENIUS Act, a stablecoin that meets the requirements contained in the GENIUS Act’s definition of “payment stablecoin” and is issued by a “permitted payment stablecoin issuer” or a “foreign payment stablecoin issuer” that complies with the GENIUS Act’s requirements applicable to such issuers.
[2]
Rule 15c3-1 does not explicitly address payment stablecoins. I understand that some broker-dealers, out of an abundance of caution, have proposed to take a 100% haircut on payment stablecoins held in their inventory. In my view, a 100% haircut would be unnecessarily punitive given the underlying reserve assets that back payment stablecoins (generally, U.S. dollars, short-term U.S. Treasury securities and other similar instruments). For context, a haircut of 2% aligns with the haircut imposed on registered investment companies that are money market funds, which hold similar instruments as payment stablecoin issuers. In fact, following the effective date of the GENIUS Act, the reserve requirements for permitted payment stablecoin issuers will be more limiting than the “eligible securities” requirements that apply to registered money market funds, including government money market funds.
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 19, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates