Title: Statement on Appointment of New PCAOB Chairman and Board Members
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/statement-atkins-appointment-new-pcaob-chairman-board-members-013026
Published: Fri, 30 Jan 2026 12:15:12 -0500

SEC.gov | Statement on Appointment of New PCAOB Chairman and Board Members
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Statement on Appointment of New PCAOB Chairman and Board Members
Statement
Statement on Appointment of New PCAOB Chairman and Board Members
Paul S. Atkins,
Chairman
Washington D.C.
Jan. 30, 2026
I am pleased that the Commission has appointed four new members, including a new Chairman, to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”). George Botic, who has served as Acting Chairman since July 2025, will continue to serve as a Board Member. I am confident that this new Board will usher in a new day at the PCAOB—one of sensible, efficient oversight of auditors.
When we began the search process for new PCAOB Board members in July 2025, I highlighted the role that the PCAOB plays in serving the public interest by helping to protect the integrity of public companies through oversight of auditing firms, and thus the broader public markets, in a manner that minimizes unnecessary costs for the public companies and broker-dealers who ultimately fund the PCAOB’s budget.
[1]
The newly appointed Chairman and Board Members have already demonstrated a profound commitment to protecting investors and responsible use of such funds by accepting compensation much more in line with the ethos of public service.
I look forward to working with this Board as it refocuses on the PCAOB’s core statutory mission—protecting investors and furthering the public interest in the preparation of informative, accurate, and independent audit reports. Demetrios (Jim) Logothetis, Mark Calabria, Kyle Hauptman, and Steve Laughton bring a wide variety of experiences to their service on the Board, and I look forward to their fresh perspectives on how to best drive improvements in audit quality and fulfill the Board’s statutory responsibilities.
I want to thank the current Board members for their dedicated service in advancing the PCAOB’s important mission. Acting Chairman George Botic, and Board members Christina Ho, Kara Stein, and Anthony Thompson have carried out their many important responsibilities with diligence and professionalism. I expect the transition to the new Board will occur very quickly over the next few weeks. I also want to thank SEC staff, especially in the Office of the Chief Accountant and Office of the General Counsel, for their assistance with the Board selection process.
The SEC and the PCAOB often work closely on matters important to our capital markets. I intend to actively engage with the new Board as it pursues the PCAOB’s priorities and objectives over the coming years.
[1]
Paul S. Atkins, Chairman, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Statement on Commencement of Appointment Process for Five Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Seats
(July 23, 2025),
https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/atkins-pcaob-board-072325
.
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 30, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates