Title: Money Never Sleeps
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/speeches-statements/selway-remarks-sifma-roundtable-012826
Published: Wed, 28 Jan 2026 10:04:47 -0500

SEC.gov | Money Never Sleeps
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Speeches and Statements
Money Never Sleeps
Speech
Money Never Sleeps
Jamie Selway,
Director, Division of Trading and Markets
SIFMA Roundtable
Washington D.C.
Jan. 28, 2026
Good morning. Thank you for the introduction Steve [Byron], and thank you Ken [Bentsen] and Katie [Kolchin] for the kind invitation to join today’s event. I commend SIFMA for today’s comprehensive program on an important, timely topic. And I applaud the many senior leaders gathered here to generously contribute time and expertise toward an industry roadmap for 24-by-7 trading.
Please note that my remarks today are made in my official capacity as the Commission’s Director of the Division of Trading and Markets and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Commission, the Commissioners, or members of the Division’s staff. As you might guess, this disclaimer operates 24-by-7, 365 days a year.
For roughly twenty years, our equity market infrastructure has accommodated trading between 4 AM and 8 PM ET. Recently, in response to interest from retail and non-U.S. investors, a number of platforms have launched “overnight” trading, including four ATSs. Notably, some non-equity markets, such as those for digital assets, currently operate 24-by-7. A growing consensus of market participants wants the equity markets to follow this course. Before our marketplace takes this step, however, foundational questions regarding common protocols and shared infrastructure must be answered. That is the purpose of today’s roundtable.
The Division supports industry efforts to expand trading hours. In November 2024, the Commission approved 24X’s Form 1 application, which included an overnight session. The Commission has also approved NYSE Arca’s proposal to expand its trading hours, and a similar proposal from Nasdaq is currently out for comment. The equity market data plans have proposed extending the hours of operation for the SIPs by the end of 2026, and we understand that NSCC plans to be ready in June. Some market participants have also expressed an interest in having more timely reporting of TRF data in extended hours.
Based on our conversations with industry, we view these dates as feasible. Acute focus on operational particulars, such as handling corporate actions, is warranted to ensure a smooth expansion. Once deadlines for implementation are established, they should be met without unnecessary delay. My Division colleagues Kelly Riley and Peggy Sullivan are your points of contact for the Division on this issue, and Peggy is here with us today. I encourage you to engage with Kelly and Peggy as needed throughout the year.
It is commonplace to note that our Nation’s markets are the envy of the world. It is rare, however, to have an opportunity to increase our global pre-eminence. Done in a way to benefit investors everywhere, and to deepen our capital formation advantages beyond our shores for corporate issuers, 24-by-7 trading may be one such opportunity. I hope you seize it.
Thank you for your time and attention. I wish you all the best for a productive roundtable.
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 28, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates