Title: SEC Publishes Data on Exchange Traded Funds and Fund Mergers; Updated Statistics on Municipal Advisors, Transfer Agents, and Security-Based Swap Dealers
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2026-17-sec-publishes-data-exchange-traded-funds-fund-mergers-updated-statistics-municipal-advisors-transfer
Published: Thu, 05 Feb 2026 13:45:00 -0500

SEC.gov | SEC Publishes Data on Exchange Traded Funds and Fund Mergers; Updated Statistics on Municipal Advisors, Transfer Agents, and Security-Based Swap Dealers
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Press Releases
SEC Publishes Data on Exchange Traded Funds and Fund Mergers; Updated Statistics on Municipal Advisors, Transfer Agents, and Security-Based Swap Dealers
Press Release
SEC Publishes Data on Exchange Traded Funds and Fund Mergers; Updated Statistics on Municipal Advisors, Transfer Agents, and Security-Based Swap Dealers
For Immediate Release
2026-17
Washington D.C., Feb. 5, 2026 —
The Securities and Exchange Commission’s Division of Economic and Risk Analysis (DERA) has published two new reports on exchange traded funds and fund mergers, and updated statistics and data visualizations on municipal advisors, transfer agents, and security-based swap dealers (SBSDs).
The reports provide the public with information about the growth in active ETFs and the changes in fees paid by investors when mutual funds and ETFs acquire other funds.
“With more than 3600 ETFs holding assets exceeding $10 trillion, understanding this market is critical, not just because of its size, but because of its evolving dynamics” said Dr. Joshua T. White, Chief Economist and Director of the SEC’s Division of Economic and Risk Analysis. “Active ETFs, while still a smaller segment of the market, are growing rapidly and now rival passive funds in number, reflecting a shift toward more actively managed strategies. At the same time, our research shows that fund mergers can deliver meaningful fee reductions for investors. These trends highlight the importance of ongoing analysis to ensure transparency and resilience in this fast-changing landscape.”
The two reports issued today are:
The
Fast-Growing Market of Active ETFs
examines the general characteristics of active ETFs. Despite representing a relatively small portion of the total ETF managed assets, the number and assets of active ETFs have experienced significant, steady growth in recent years, outpacing the growth rate of passive ETFs. Although high asset growth rates are typical for a relatively new market segment, the rapid expansion of the number of active ETFs, which is now close to the number of passive funds, is noteworthy. Active ETFs generally appear to have higher levels of active portfolio management as indicated by their lower level of return alignment with the underlying benchmark return, higher portfolio turnover rates, and greater use of derivatives.
When Funds Merge: What Happens to Fees? Evidence from Acquiring Mutual Funds and ETFs
explores how mergers of mutual funds and ETFs are associated with changes to the fees paid by investors in funds that acquired another fund through a merger (acquiring funds), specifically expense ratios, management fees, and Rule 12b-1 fees. The analysis uses data from 2010 to 2023 and focuses on over 1,800 U.S. mutual fund mergers that occurred between 2011 and 2023, allowing for at least one year of pre-merger observations. The results suggest that mergers are generally associated with lower fees for investors in acquiring funds, and the size and type of those savings vary by fund type and the structure of the merger.
SEC staff also updated the SEC’s public
statistics and data visualizations webpage
to include updated statistics and visualizations on municipal advisors, transfer agents, and security-based swap dealers (SBSDs). The webpage provides statistics presented in time series charts to show market trends, pie charts to show distribution across different categories, as well as heat maps to show geographic distributions. The visuals are interactive and downloadable, thus allowing the public to explore the information they are interested in.
DERA integrates financial economics and rigorous data analytics into the SEC’s core mission. It conducts detailed, high-quality economic and statistical analyses to advise on Commission matters and helps identify and respond to issues, trends, and innovations in the marketplace.
###
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Feb. 5, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates