Title: SEC Charges ADM and Three Former Executives with Accounting and Disclosure Fraud
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2026-15-sec-charges-adm-three-former-executives-accounting-disclosure-fraud
Published: Tue, 27 Jan 2026 16:38:34 -0500

SEC.gov | SEC Charges ADM and Three Former Executives with Accounting and Disclosure Fraud
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Press Releases
SEC Charges ADM and Three Former Executives with Accounting and Disclosure Fraud
Press Release
SEC Charges ADM and Three Former Executives with Accounting and Disclosure Fraud
ADM credited for cooperation and significant remediation
For Immediate Release
2026-15
Washington D.C., Jan. 27, 2026 —
The Securities and Exchange Commission today filed settled charges against Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) and its former executives, Vince Macciocchi and Ray Young, and a litigated action against its former executive Vikram Luthar, for materially inflating the performance of a key ADM business segment, Nutrition, which ADM touted to investors as an important driver of the company’s overall growth.
The SEC’s complaint against Luthar alleges that he directed “adjustments” to Nutrition’s transactions with other ADM business segments when Nutrition was falling short of its operating profit targets for fiscal years 2021 and 2022. According to the complaint, the adjustments included retroactive rebates and price changes not customarily available to ADM’s third-party customers that were essentially one-sided transfers of operating profit to Nutrition, with the goal of making it appear that Nutrition was meeting the 15% to 20% per year operating profit growth Luthar and other ADM executives projected to investors.
The SEC’s settled order against ADM, Macciocchi, and Young finds that Macciocchi and Luthar led efforts to identify and structure adjustments for fiscal years 2021 and 2022, and that Young negligently approved improper adjustments for fiscal years 2019 and 2021. These adjustments also included retroactive rebates and price changes, were targeted to specific dollar amounts to hit Nutrition’s operating profit goals or mask a shortfall, and were not provided to third parties, according to the order.
The SEC considered ADM’s cooperation and significant remedial measures in accepting its settlement offer. Specifically, the company conducted an internal investigation, voluntarily reported its findings to the staff, and provided the staff with additional analyses from an outside accounting expert.  ADM’s remedial measures included implementing new internal accounting controls around intersegment transactions, amending its policies and procedures, and testing the effectiveness of its new controls, among other things.
The order creates a Fair Fund to distribute the ordered monetary relief to investors harmed by the violations.
“Transparent and honest disclosure are key to maintaining market integrity, so when ADM misled its investors, the SEC stepped in to protect them and the market,” said Judge Margaret A. Ryan, Director of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement. “The SEC is steadfast in its commitment to rooting out fraud and holding accountable wrongdoers, while also engaging market participants constructively to ensure the right outcomes are achieved in a timely and fair manner. In this matter, we credit ADM’s cooperation and its efforts to avoid future accounting and disclosure violations.”
The complaint alleges, and the order finds, that the adjustments rendered ADM’s annual and quarterly reports false and misleading because the adjustments resulted in transactions inconsistent with ADM’s representation that intersegment transactions were recorded at amounts “approximating market.” Further, the order finds that ADM overstated Nutrition’s operating profit for fiscal years 2019, 2021, and 2022, the third quarter of 2019, and all quarters in 2021 as a result of the adjustments.
The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, charges Luthar with violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws, aiding and abetting ADM’s violations of the antifraud, reporting, books and records, and internal accounting control provisions of the federal securities laws, and failing to reimburse ADM for certain executive compensation as required. The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, an officer and director bar, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, civil penalties, and reimbursement of certain executive compensation to ADM pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The SEC’s order finds that ADM, Macciocchi, and Young violated the antifraud, reporting, internal accounting controls, and books and records provisions of the federal securities laws, and that Macciocchi and Young caused certain of ADM’s violations. Without admitting or denying the findings, ADM, Macciocchi, and Young agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of the relevant provisions of the federal securities laws, and ADM has voluntarily undertaken to cooperate fully with the Commission in the litigation and any other proceedings related to the matters described in the order. ADM agreed to pay a $40,000,000 civil penalty, Macciocchi agreed to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest totaling $404,343 and a civil penalty of $125,000, and Young agreed to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest totaling $575,610 and a civil penalty of $75,000. Macciocchi also agreed to a three-year officer and director bar.
###
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 27, 2026
Resources
SEC Complaint
SEC Order - Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, Vince Macciocchi, and Ray Young
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates