Title: SEC Approves 2026 PCAOB Budget and Accounting Support Fee
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2026-11-sec-approves-2026-pcaob-budget-accounting-support-fee
Published: Thu, 22 Jan 2026 11:52:00 -0500

SEC.gov | SEC Approves 2026 PCAOB Budget and Accounting Support Fee
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Press Releases
SEC Approves 2026 PCAOB Budget and Accounting Support Fee
Press Release
SEC Approves 2026 PCAOB Budget and Accounting Support Fee
For Immediate Release
2026-11
Washington D.C., Jan. 22, 2026 —
The Securities and Exchange Commission today approved the 2026 budget for the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and the related accounting support fee.
The 2026 PCAOB budget totals $362.1 million. The 2026 budget reflects a 9.4% ($37.6 million) decrease from the prior year and includes a 52% and 42% reduction in the chairperson and other Board members’ compensation, respectively. The accounting support fee (ASF) totals $306.0 million, an 18.4% ($68.9 million) decrease from the prior year, of which $280.3 million will be assessed on public company issuers and $25.7 million will be assessed on brokers and dealers.
“Both during my time as a Commissioner and now as Chairman, I have recognized–and continue to recognize–the importance of driving improvements in audit quality. Nevertheless, all regulators, including the Commission and the PCAOB, must continually assess how and whether current approaches to fulfilling the Board’s responsibilities provide benefits to investors without imposing excessive burdens on businesses. For the Commission, its diligent oversight of the PCAOB is a crucial check on the considerable authority that the Board holds over audit firms and the risks of potentially excessive burdens,” said SEC Chairman Paul S. Atkins in a
statement
. “A significant aspect of this oversight is the Board’s budget. The PCAOB must exhibit a strong commitment to responsible stewardship of the accounting support fee, which is its primary source of funding and functions as a tax on public companies and broker-dealers. This includes being mindful of and transparent about material investments so that the Commission can appropriately exercise our budget oversight responsibilities. The decrease in this year’s budget does not detract from the significance of the PCAOB’s mission, which remains crucial; rather, it underscores that fiscal discipline and regulatory effectiveness complement each other.”
“This year’s budget decrease represents progress. However, the ongoing initiatives by the Commission and PCAOB to re-assess the PCAOB’s strategic plan, operations, and budget remain key priorities for the future,” said SEC Chief Accountant Kurt Hohl. “The SEC remains committed to robust oversight of the PCAOB and ensuring that its operations are transparent, justified, and worthy of the trust placed in it by investors and the public.”
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which established the PCAOB, provides the Commission with oversight responsibility over the PCAOB. This includes reviewing and approving the PCAOB’s budget and accounting support fee annually.
###
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 22, 2026
Resources
SEC Order
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates