Title: Keith E. Cassidy Named Director of the Division of Examinations
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2026-6-keith-e-cassidy-named-director-division-examinations
Published: Tue, 20 Jan 2026 07:15:48 -0500

SEC.gov | Keith E. Cassidy Named Director of the Division of Examinations
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Press Releases
Keith E. Cassidy Named Director of the Division of Examinations
Press Release
Keith E. Cassidy Named Director of the Division of Examinations
For Immediate Release
2026-6
Washington D.C., Jan. 20, 2026 —
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Keith E. Cassidy has been appointed Director of the Division of Examinations. Mr. Cassidy has served as Acting Director since May 2024 and previously was the division’s Deputy Director, Acting Co‑Director, and National Associate Director of the Technology Controls Program.
As Acting Director, Mr. Cassidy led several initiatives to strengthen the national examinations program, including developing an examination projection model to improve risk‑based resource allocation and adopting a metric-based operational effectiveness framework.
Mr. Cassidy joined the division in 2017 to lead the Technology Controls Program, where he oversaw technology‑focused examinations as well as the SEC’s CyberWatch Program and the Cybersecurity Program Office. He previously served as Director of the SEC’s Office of Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs. Before joining the Commission staff in 2010, Mr. Cassidy was Chief of Staff and Counsel in the Department of Justice’s Office of Legislative Affairs and an attorney in the United States Senate.
“Keith has demonstrated steady leadership and a commitment to risk‑based, technology‑informed oversight,” said SEC Chairman Paul S. Atkins. “His experience modernizing examination practices, strengthening operational metrics, and enhancing resource allocation positions the division to further its mission to prevent fraud, promote compliance, monitor risk, and inform policy on behalf of investors.”
“My priorities as Director will be to continue refining the processes that strengthen intra‑Commission coordination and ensure alignment across the national examinations program,” said Mr. Cassidy. “I am deeply grateful to Chairman Atkins for the opportunity to continue to serve with the highly skilled agency staff whose efforts protect investors and ensure that U.S. markets are the strongest in the world.”
Mr. Cassidy is the Commission’s senior staff representative to the Financial Banking Information Infrastructure Committee, the Cyber Incident Response Council, and the G7 Cyber Experts Group, and serves as the Commission’s federal senior intelligence coordinator.
Mr. Cassidy is a Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve, currently serving as the Commanding Officer of 4th Reconnaissance Battalion. He holds a J.D. from the George Washington University Law School, an LL.M. in Securities and Financial Regulation from Georgetown Law Center, and a B.A. in history from the University of Virginia. He is also a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP).
###
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 20, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates