Title: Paul Tzur and David Morrell Named Deputy Directors of the Division of Enforcement
Link: https://www.sec.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2026-4-paul-tzur-david-morrell-named-deputy-directors-division-enforcement
Published: Mon, 12 Jan 2026 13:56:42 -0500

SEC.gov | Paul Tzur and David Morrell Named Deputy Directors of the Division of Enforcement
Skip to search field
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
)
              or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
SEC homepage
Menu
Close
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
Search Filings
Search Filings
Full Text Search
Latest Filings
Mutual Fund Search
Variable Insurance Products Search
SIC Codes
CIK Lookup
Public Dissemination Service (PDS)
Search Assistance
Submit Filings
Submit Filings
EDGAR Filer Management Portal
EDGAR Filing Portal
Online Forms Management Portal
EDGAR Next
Forms Index
Filer Support & Resources
Data & Research
Data & Research
SEC & Markets Data
Taxonomies
Statistics & Data Visualizations
Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance
Rules & Regulations
Rulemaking Activity
Statutes & Regulations
Staff Guidance
No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters
Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking
Public Petitions for Rulemaking
Enforcement & Litigation
Litigation Releases
Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions
Trading Suspensions
Distributions to Harmed Investors
Receiverships
Compliance
Examination Priorities
Risk Alerts
Compliance Outreach Program
Proposed Rules
What's New
Whistleblower Program
Featured Topics
Featured Topics
Crypto Task Force
Cybersecurity
Market Structure Analytics
Saving and Investing for Military Personnel
Saving and Investing for Teachers
SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative
Treasury Clearing Implementation
About
About
Mission
Commissioners
Divisions & Offices
Division & Office Directors
Advisory Committees
Budget & Performance
Reports & Publications
Commission Votes
Contact the SEC
Careers
Submit a Tip or Complaint
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Newsroom
|
Investors
Small Businesses
Whistleblowers
Search SEC.gov & EDGAR
Search
More in this Section
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Newsroom
Press Releases
Speeches & Statements
Meetings & Events
SEC Videos
Social Media Directory
What's New
Home
Newsroom
Press Releases
Paul Tzur and David Morrell Named Deputy Directors of the Division of Enforcement
Press Release
Paul Tzur and David Morrell Named Deputy Directors of the Division of Enforcement
For Immediate Release
2026-4
Washington D.C., Jan. 12, 2026 —
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Paul H. Tzur and David M. Morrell have been named as Deputy Directors of the Division of Enforcement. Mr. Tzur joined the Commission on January 6, 2026, as the Deputy Director overseeing the agency’s enforcement program in the Chicago, Atlanta, and Miami Regional Offices. Mr. Morrell joined the Commission on January 12, 2026, as the Deputy Director overseeing the agency’s enforcement program in the New York, Boston, and Philadelphia Regional Offices.
“Paul and David are excellent attorneys and dedicated public servants,” said SEC Chairman Paul S. Atkins. “I am delighted to have such talented individuals join the Division of Enforcement to aid in its critical role of protecting investors and the markets.”
Mr. Tzur joins the Commission from private practice, where he focused on white collar defense and complex commercial litigation. Before that he served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Northern District of Illinois, where he was a prosecutor in the Securities and Commodities Fraud Section. Mr. Tzur also served in supervisory roles as a deputy chief in the General Crimes Section and later in the Narcotics and Money Laundering Section. Following law school, Mr. Tzur clerked for the Honorable Steven M. Colloton of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Mr. Tzur received his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law and his B.S. from Duke University.
Mr. Morrell joins the Commission after his return to private practice, where he focused on civil litigation and government disputes. Before that he served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), Civil Division, where he led the Federal Programs Branch. Prior to that role, he oversaw DOJ's Consumer Protection Branch. Before DOJ, from 2017 to 2019, Mr. Morrell served in the White House as Special Assistant and Associate Counsel to the President and Associate Counsel. Following law school, Mr. Morrell clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas of the U.S. Supreme Court and clerked for Chief Judge Edith H. Jones of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  Mr. Morrell received his J.D. from Yale University and his B.A. from Hillsdale College.
“Paul and David both have a wealth of experience as experienced trial, litigation, and appellate lawyers. Their experience, intellect, and common sense will serve them well as they assume leadership over enforcement investigations and litigations in several offices that play a key role in achieving our investor protection mission. I welcome them to our talented enforcement team,” said Judge Margaret A. Ryan, Director of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement. “They are very well-regarded practitioners, and I am extremely pleased that Paul and David agreed to return to public service.”
Mr. Tzur said, “I am honored and thrilled to be joining the SEC. I look forward to working with Chairman Atkins, the Commission, and Director Ryan to identify and pursue sensible enforcement actions that aim to protect investors and maintain U.S. markets as the most trusted in the world.”
“It is a privilege to join the Division of Enforcement in advancing its mission of protecting the integrity of our financial markets through proper enforcement of U.S. securities laws,” said Mr. Morrell.
###
Last Reviewed or Updated:
Jan. 13, 2026
Return to top
SEC homepage
About the SEC
Budget & Performance
Careers
Commission Votes
Contact
Contracts
Transparency
Accessibility & Disability
Artificial Intelligence
Cummings Notice
FOIA
Inspector General
No FEAR Act Data
Ombuds
SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance
Websites
Investor.gov
Related Sites
USA.gov
Site Information
Plain Writing
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.
Your email address
Sign Up
X
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
Email Updates